                T H E   H I T C H I K E R ' S   G U I D E   T O
 
          S T A R   T R E K :   T H E   N E X T   G E N E R A T I O N
 
 
                       By David T Lu and Mickey McCarter
             Typed onto the Amiga and modified by the Neuromancer
 
 
SCENE 1  : Enterprise Bridge. Everyone at their stations.
 
Data     : Captain, sensors are picking up two vessels ahead. One appears to be
           other. However, I am receiving no distress signals.
 
Picard   : Is it the Borg, Mr. Data?
 
Data     : I believe  it is the  Borg, sir. The larger  ship appears to be rec-
           tangular in shape.
 
Riker    : Red Alert! Shields up! Fire all weapons!

Picard   : Delay that  order, Number One.  In case you  hadn't noticed, i'm not
           even kidnapped yet. Therefore, I am in charge of this ship!
 
Riker    : Oh, that's right. I'm  sorry sir, I just got carried away. I'll wait
           until you've been kidnapped, then i'll fire at the Borg, with you in
           it!
 
Picard   : Err..., right! What about the other ship, Mr. Data?  Is it the Romu-
           lans?
 
Data     : Unknown, Captain. It... its shaped like... a shoe.
 
Picard   : A shoe?
 
Riker    : It must be the rumoured Romulan Nike class. Its supposed to run fas-
           ter, jump farther, had  better shielding  for shock absorption and a
           little  pump on top  that you can  squeeze. I read about  it in this
           month's "Playbeing"...err, (avoiding the  questioning gaze  of Troi)
           only for the  articles, of course.  Its  supposed to  be top secret.
           Didn't you see it Captain?
 
Picard   : You  mean that  article on  page 42, right  after the  holoimages of
           Eccentrica  Gallumbits, the Triple-Breasted Whore  of  Eroticon Six?
           Of course not!  Everyone knows that I only  read William Shakespeare
           and Oolon Colluphid.
 
Data, on screen.
 
On the  screen, holoimages of  Eccentrica Gallumbits  of Eroticon Six flash by.
She is shown in a variety of rather creative poses. Her three breasts hanging..
 
Picard   : The Borg, Mr. Data!
 
Data     : My apologies, sir, I thought you meant...
 
Picard   : Thank you Mr. Data!
 
On the  screen, we now  see the Borg ship  tractor-beaming  a much smaller shoe
shaped ship. Its shields almost gone,offering no resistance. Hushed disappoint-
ments fill the bridge.
 
Picard   : (Coughs) Worf, open a channel to the... shoe.
 
Worf     : Channel opened, sir.
 
Eddie    : Hi there!  I'm  Eddie, the shipboard  computer here on  the Heart of
           Gold and I want to be your friend!
 
Picard   : (Standing up,straightening his uniform) I'm Jean-Luc Picard, Captain
           of the USS Enterprise. I notice you are having some difficulties. Do
           you wish our assistance?
 
Eddie    : Well, Hello Jean-Luc!  Oh yeah, I can  definitely use an  extra hand
           over here, you see, I'm trying to make some tea.
 
Riker    : Tea?
 
Data     : Tea. An ancient Earth beverage  originated in Asia. China to be pre-
           cise. It consists of dried leaves in boiled water.
 
Eddie    : Yep! Just like your robot says! With milk.
 
Riker    : Squirted out of a cow?
 
Data     : Which, I  believe is an  English  tradition.  By the way, I am not a
           robot, i'm an Android.
 
Wesley   : (Whispers) Contractions, Data!
 
Data     : What?  Oh, I mean I am an android.
 
Picard   : Well, that's  all very nice.  I am sure we can  arrange for some tea
           to be made.  Right Mr. LaForge?
 
Geordi   : It will require redesigning the data  structures of our food synthe-
           sizers, reprogramming the  holodeck to create solid  matter simulate
           Asiatic  plant  life, implementing an  error checking  protocol that
           allows  the  two  to  communicate  in parallel  and  creating a user
           friendly, menu driven, icon-based graphics user interface with mouse
           support and on-line,context sensitive hypertext help. Give me twenty
           minutes and i'll have it purring like a Syranian monkey-cow in heat.
 
Picard   : Make it so, Lieutenant (turning to Eddie  on the screen).  Actually,
           the difficulty I was  referring to was  the Borg  that is  currently
           attacking you.
 
Eddie    : Huh?  What Borg?  Hold on, let  me allocate a  coupla' Megajoules to
           my sensors (pause). Yikes! Hey, guys, i'm being  attacked!  Hold on,
           i've got to  tell some people  here about this. I'll get back to you
           in a sec.
 
 
Will Riker remember where he is in the  script?  Will Captain Picard photograph
the Syranian Monkey-cow in heat and send it to the "Reader's Extraterrestrials"
section in Playbeing magazine? Will Geordi remember to ask if Eddie wants Lemon
in his tea? These questions won't be answered in the next episode of:
 
STAR TREK - The Next Generation...
 
 
 
 
                                                                           end.
 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                       from some one mailbox...
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
